<br><br>Marine Parks NSW<br>Marine Parks in New South Wales comprise of areas declared under Schedule 4 of the NSW Marine Parks Act (1997). The data contains the final zone boundaries for Cape Byron Marine Park, Solitary Islands Marine Park, Lord Howe Island Marine Park, Port Stephens – Great Lakes Marine Park, Jervis Bay Marine Park and Batemans Bay Marine Park. The data includes areas of each marine park indicating the northern, southern, off shore and estuarine boundaries. Althought the data set comprises assumed tidal and mean high water information, these should be used as a guide only, as local conditions prevail in all areas which require surveys to determine precise locations. Data should not be used for navigational purposes.<br><br>Aquatic_Reserves_NSW<br>NSW Aquatic Reserves were declared under the Fisheries Management Act 1994.  The data contains the boundaries for Cook Island Aquatic Reserve, Bushrangers Bay Aquatic Reserve, Barrenjoey Headland Aquatic Reserve, Boat Harbour Aquatic Reserve, Bronte-Coogee Aquatic Reserve, Cabbage Tree Bay Aquatic Reserve, Cape Banks Aquatic Reserve, Long Reef Aquatic Reserve, Narrabeen Head Aquatic Reserve, North Sydney Harbour Aquatic Reserve, Shiprock Aquatic Reserve and Towra Point Aquatic Reserve. Although the data set comprises assumed tidal and mean high water information, these should be used as a guide only, as local conditions prevail in all areas which require surveys to determine precise locations. Data should not be used for navigational purposes.<br><br>Marine Reserves VIC<br>This dataset describes land management and legal status for the State of Victoria at a scale of 1:100,000. The layer describes both primary management (National Parks, State Forest, conservation reserves etc) and overlay management (Reference Areas, Wilderness Zones, Remote Natural Areas etc.). Each polygon has attributes that describe the ECC management recommendation, current management, the ECC study and reference for the most recent study covering the area of public land, the government act under which the land is managed, the land manager, the policy manager and the name. The layer design is quite complex, so a number of derived layers have been developed to cater for the most common uses of the dataset. N.B. Pending the development of a maintenance system, the dataset was not updated from mid 1998 until December 2001. The data maintenance program resumed in December 2001 but ceased in July 2002. Hence for the National and State Parks in the Box Ironbark area the status is not current and the boundaries are inaccurate. Parks and Reserves are current to July 2002. Other public land is current to June 1998. Data updates are synchronised with CGDL data sources (L10054-55MGA, MAPDBDEV) overnight, except the L100-dd94 Library, where updates are synchronised once a week, on Sundays. A statewide project to update Parks and Reserves and State Forest was completed in June 2005. AVAIL100 (forests) and a spatial version of PRIMS (Parks and Reserves) were used as data sources respectively. Polygons that either didn't exist in PLM100PLY; or do exist in PLM100PLY and require significant changes to boundaries were updated. Parks and Reserves attribute information also updated extensively. This dataset is being actively maintained as of June 1 2005.<br><br>Marine Reserves SA<brThe data contained in this service is not authoritative and has not been updated since 2006. This web service contains the legacy data found in the Australian Marine Spatial Information System (AMSIS) hosted by Geoscience Australia between 2006 and 2015, with a currency date of 2006. To honour the original licensing arrangements with the data holders, only the WMS is available. Users will need to contact the agency responsible for the data to check current validity and spatial precision. This dataset describes land management and legal status for the State of Victoria at a scale of 1:100,000. The layer describes both primary management (National Parks, State Forest, conservation reserves etc) and overlay management (Reference Areas, Wilderness Zones, Remote Natural Areas etc.). Each polygon has attributes that describe the ECC management recommendation, current management, the ECC study and reference for the most recent study covering the area of public land, the government act under which the land is managed, the land manager, the policy manager and the name. The layer design is quite complex, so a number of derived layers have been developed to cater for the most common uses of the dataset. N.B. Pending the development of a maintenance system, the dataset was not updated from mid 1998 until December 2001. The data maintenance program resumed in December 2001 but ceased in July 2002. Hence for the National and State Parks in the Box Ironbark area the status is not current and the boundaries are inaccurate. Parks and Reserves are current to July 2002. Other public land is current to June 1998. Data updates are synchronised with CGDL data sources (L10054-55MGA, MAPDBDEV) overnight, except the L100-dd94 Library, where updates are synchronised once a week, on Sundays. A statewide project to update Parks and Reserves and State Forest was completed in June 2005. AVAIL100 (forests) and a spatial version of PRIMS (Parks and Reserves) were used as data sources respectively. Polygons that either didn't exist in PLM100PLY; or do exist in PLM100PLY and require significant changes to boundaries were updated. Parks and Reserves attribute information also updated extensively. This dataset is being actively maintained as of June 1 2005.<br><br>Marine Reserves NT<br>The polygon coverage defines the geographical location of Park and Reserve boundaries within the Northern Territory. Included in the coverage are the boundaries of other landholdings held by the Conservation Land Corporation and excision areas, neither of which are protected for conservation purposes.<br><br>Marine Reserves WA<br>Polygon coverage of the Western Australian Marine Conservation Reserves system, including all Marine Parks, Marine Nature Reserves, Marine Management Areas and, where applicable, associated management zoning. This dataset contains polygons showing the spatial extent of Western Australia’s 12 marine reserves as described in WA Government Gazette Notices, CALM Management Plans, and W.A. Dept. of Land Information (DLI) Plans. Polygons are attributed with reserve name [Name], reserve type descriptor [Descriptor], zone name (common usage) [Name_Zone], zone type [Type_Zone], and gazetted zone name [Name_Gaz].<br><br>Marine Reserves TAS<br>The Marine Nature Reserve dataset includes areas of Tasmanian State Waters that have been defined as Marine Nature Reserves by the Tasmanian Fisheries Rules 1999. Where part of the Reserve allows restricted fishing, a separate region is created for that part with a note in the Comment field of 'Restricted Take'. All other Marine Nature Reserves prohibit fishing. Refer to Fisheries Rules 1999 (SR158 of 1999) for details.